1. What have you been able to achieve? What have you learned from this course?
   I can write a do-while loop to generate all the 4 digits numbers with no repeat digit. I can use some hashset to generate unique elements in the collection. I can use iterator to remove elements from a list.  I can use file io to read file and output result into a file. I can write some methods according to the requirements that I need.
   The most important thing that I learned is about programming thinking. Sprcifically, I started to realize we can code on the basis of some algorithms that we do not know before. In this project, to better master the algorithm, we have to pretend the first random guess as the correct answer, that is really a hard issue to deal with.
2. Why do you think your design is good?
   I write some methods to improve the code re-use, which is easier for others to understand and more handy to maintain. Besides, I used some branches and loops, such as: if/for(for-each) and while(do-while). The loops here eliminate the redundant of the code, and the branches here are beneficial to let other programmers get the point as soon as possible.
3. Why some changes?
   I changed some methods that I write before, e.g. getDigit(), this method is not good enough because it returns nothing, which is not handy to process the data it was supposed to pass. Therefore, I changed the signature and make it return a int array. That is much easier to go to the next step. Meanwhile, to improve the re-use, I have to change the code inevitably, and sometimes even the structure.